[Doc] Add documentation for remote cluster connection mode for CCR (#6920)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/replication-plugin/getting-started.md

Cross-cluster replication follows a "pull" model, so most changes occur on the follower cluster, not the leader cluster. 

> ### Connection modes to a remote cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Connection modes for a remote cluster
```

> - Sniff Mode:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The connection modes include _sniff mode_ and _proxy mode_.
```

> In sniff mode, a remote connection is created in the follower cluster by specifying a name and a list of seed nodes of the leader cluster. While establishing the connection, the leader's cluster state is fetched from one of its seed nodes. This mode mandates that the publish addresses of the seed nodes must be reachable from the follower cluster. Sniff mode is the default connection mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In sniff mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a list of seed nodes from the leader cluster. During the connection setup, the follower cluster retrieves the leader cluster's state from one of the provided seed nodes. This mode requires that the publish addresses of the seed nodes in the leader cluster are accessible from the follower cluster. Sniff mode is the default connection mode.
```

> In sniff mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a list of seed nodes from the leader cluster. During the connection setup, the follower cluster retrieves the leader cluster's state from one of the provided seed nodes. This mode requires that the publish addresses of the seed nodes in the leader cluster are accessible from the follower cluster. Sniff mode is the default connection mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In sniff mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a list of seed nodes from the leader cluster. During the connection setup, the follower cluster retrieves the leader cluster's state from one of the provided seed nodes. This mode requires the publish addresses of the seed nodes in the leader cluster to be accessible from the follower cluster. Sniff mode is the default connection mode.
```

}'
```

> In proxy mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a single proxy address. During the connection setup, a configurable number of socket connections are opened to the provided proxy address. The proxy's responsibility is to direct these connections to the appropriate nodes in the leader cluster. Unlike other connection modes, proxy mode does not require the nodes in the leader cluster to have publicly accessible publish addresses. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In proxy mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a single proxy address. During the connection setup, a configurable number of socket connections to the provided proxy address are opened. The proxy's responsibility is to direct these connections to the appropriate nodes in the leader cluster. Unlike other connection modes, proxy mode does not require the nodes in the leader cluster to have publicly accessible publish addresses:
```

}'
```

> - Proxy Mode:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> In proxy mode, a remote connection is created in the follower cluster by specifying a name and a single proxy address of the leader cluster. While establishing the connection, a configurable number of socket connections are opened up to the proxy address. The responsibility of the proxy is to direct these connections to the leader cluster. Unlike other connection modes, proxy mode does not necessitate that leader cluster nodes have accessible publish addresses. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In proxy mode, the follower cluster establishes a remote connection to the leader cluster by specifying a name and a single proxy address. During the connection setup, a configurable number of socket connections are opened to the provided proxy address. The proxy's responsibility is to direct these connections to the appropriate nodes in the leader cluster. Unlike other connection modes, proxy mode does not require the nodes in the leader cluster to have publicly accessible publish addresses. 
```
